README.md, before:

# My Projects 🌟

Howdy! My name is Aditya Motale. You can call me `adii`. I specialize in Flutter, SvelteKit, Firebase, and Supabase.

## About Me 🤘

I have a burning passion for bringing ideas to life. I love crafting solutions that positively impact people's lives. 💚

About four years ago, in the early phases of lockdown, I hooked up with technology and developed a passion to build things.
Building things gives me the satisfaction to solve problems, which is also the purpose I was searching for.

With the help of this burning desire to build things, I've built many things in my journey, fortunately or unfortunately.
None of them became successful; some things I've also just built for fun. But most importantly, I got to learn from each
of my failures, and I am glad that I made those mistakes. With the help of these mistakes, I was able to build myself up to be
a person I am today. Passionate, I will work till 4:30 AM if I enjoy the work, and I will procrastinate for a lifetime if I do not.

Fallowing is the curated list of projects I've build and failures I've faced throughout my journey,

## Projects 🏅

This is the list of projects I have built over the years. Starting from recent,

- [TurboFox](#turbofox-🦊)
- [Ecko](#ecko-🕸️)
- [Paw](#paw-🐾)
- [OneCode (Interesting to read 🤞)](#onecode-1️⃣)
- [OneAuth](#oneauth-🔐)
- [OneLang](#onelang-😎)
- [Histral & CodeMagazine](#histral--codemagazine-🧾)
- [Pineset (Interesting to read 🤞)](#pineset-🌴)
- [Other Projects](#other-projects)

### TurboFox 🦊 (Under Development)

TurboFox is a in memory `key-value` store / database built in rust. It uses a WAL (Write Ahead Log) to build db in memory by rerunning
operations, a memoryStore for faster queries build using a _skip-list_.

So far I've made few prototypes, but still not found my way in. Currently I don't have anything to show for it, its under heavy
development 🏗️. Until then, stay tuned 🤞!

### Ecko 🕸️

Ecko is a graph-based state management library for Flutter applications.

Ecko was born as a personal learning project. I wanted to dive deep into understanding how state management
systems function internally while also improving on my skills along the way.

You can find more details here at [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/ecko)

### Paw 🐾

Paw is a compact, well-organized, and user-friendly logging tool for flutter and dart applications.
It's designed to log your code's journey with structure and clarity, leaving a trace of each step like a paw print.

Paw was born out of my personal want to log awesome beautiful looking logs with informational like source info,
level, time, etc.

You can find more details here at [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/paw)

### OneCode 1️⃣

OneCode came to life because of fallowing reasons,

- I always thought our current education system is not up to the mark, it lacks in many ways. I guess, the systems own very
  fundamentals are outdated. The system actively excludes people out and only celibates those who summon its bounds. I feel
  education is more about teaching how to leave life how to be a good person and not about teaching conformity and how to be
  a good worker. After listening to this amazing [ted talk](https://youtu.be/hJP5GqnTrNo?si=EdEFJst3xAbPM9xz) by sal khan, I
  found out that, personalized education is the solution.
- Throughout my journey as an undergrad student, I've helped many of my friends learn to code. I always use to teach with a
  strong sense of why with a fun aspect to my teaching. This helped many of my friends learn, who would never have learned
  this concepts otherwise with traditional education.

After taking this two considerations in mind, I settled on to creating a code learning platform where **anyone** can learn to
code while also having fun. If the learning has fun at its side, nothing is more enjoyable. It is the most loving
process for anybody.

To start off with the idea, I've build a platform where users can solve exercises to grow their understanding of the specific
language, users were also able to ask AI to help with their problems. This version was just to validate my idea with actual
users.

This MVP has failed because of various reasons. It'll be too long to discuss over here. But to summarise them, here are the reasons

- I failed to answer the _why_, why it was important to solve exercises to improve critical thinking
- Solving exercises, its a second step, the first step is to learn the language and I need to do that first
- Many peoples do not have their fundamentals clear
- There were many technical challenges to keep running the helper AI mainly because of its cost

After analyzing my mistakes and talking to potential users, I've gathered info and will improve in the MVP-2 of OneCode.
Stay tuned until then, 🤞!

You can have a look at the designs [here](https://www.figma.com/file/aAx9Ghv1PHzLN21VfoEhls/1Code?type=design&node-id=14%3A2&mode=design&t=l0aRn7sT9po99nlK-1)

### OneAuth 🔐

I always wanted to make OAuth system like Google OAuth. OAuth is an open authentication system which helps streamlines the user authentication process by enabling single sign-on capabilities across multiple applications.

This project was initially developed as a mini project for my fourth semester in college, and later evolved to provide a
comprehensive OAuth solution for my various projects.

Starting as a semester project, OneAuth quickly turned into a key component for my personal projects. I focused on enhancing its
reliability and scalability, ensuring it could seamlessly integrate with different types of applications. You can have a look at the designs [here](https://www.figma.com/file/VG4YarGzQtVAyJYYXpLWqw/1auth?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=ai6Y3D7ekJ44fT9m-1)

### OneLang 😎

In my sixth semester of college, after attending lectures of Compiler Design, I was inspired to create a programming language myself.
I did a lot of research, watched tutorials and then decided to build a interpreter for my own language.

I wanted to create a language with the simplicity of _Python_ with syntax constraints of C++, more like languages with curly bracket
syntax, like _dart_, _java_, _c++_, etc.

So I've created a statically typed interpreted language with interpreter written in _Java_, the only reasons I used java because I wanted
to learn it and its platform independent. After creating the interpreter, I found out that it was 40x times slower then the slowest
🐢 Python. Probably it wasn't a good idea to represent every token in the code with a Java object. But I learned a lot and then
moved on to building OneLang in _go_.

### Histral & CodeMagazine 🧾

I always aspired to be a writer. So in the fourth semester, after completing my first internship at Folk Developers at Iskon, I wanted
to create an app which will contain essays about interesting topics. I wanted to provide an amazing reading experience to readers
with amazing stories.

After building prototypes I found out that, I am not a good storyteller, so I have to improve a lot. I got the chance to implement
this idea again with CodeMagazine at mid of last year, I wanted a build a digital magazine about programming world. So I created
and published CodeMagazine, I got good response at first, but then it eventually dried up.

Have a look at early and new designs of Histral & CodeMagazine. You'll find them [here](https://www.figma.com/file/7VeWs1Nlh4HqQx2nomGedn/histral?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=YuLF6vkZahtJvwzZ-1)

### Pineset 🌴

After completing my second internship in Sep of 2022, I wanted to build something to help with the ongoing moment of building
climate sustaining products to help cater climate change.

One day while attending a lecture, I had an idea to build a note taking platform to help everybody migrate from using pen and
paper. The idea was to provide the experience of pen & paper with a note taking app. I did research various ways in I could do
this and settled on to creating a WYSIWYG (What Is You See Is What You Get) editor at the core of Pineset, this was backed by
widely accepted note taking platform like _Notion_, _EverNote_, etc.

I assembled a team of my friends and started working on the project. I (not we) worked for 6 months from late august of 2022
to early january of 2023 working on Pineset, before pulling the plug. Here's what went wrong,

- I gathered wrong set of people, not because they were incapable of performing the task, they weren't inspired to solve
  the problem I was solving, so slowly the team went apart and the boat sank 🛶
- I was trying to be a perfectionist, I wanted to build a product which I thought will help teachers, managers, students,
  working professionals, non-techy peoples, etc. To achieve this I set on to build everything at once, I wanted it to be perfect.
- I never released it, certainly because I wanted it to be perfect. If I had released the product and learned what people
  actually like and want rather then just guessing and perfecting the product in my bedroom, Pineset could have at least seen
  the light of the day, but I never did, and eventually pulled the plug

The only things I have to show for are the designs, many of them. [Here](https://www.figma.com/file/gkcWfzXqfI1t6kwSvqJdVk/Pineset-Dev?type=design&node-id=906%3A1877&mode=design&t=JhLpu2wHop4w3Jr8-1) have a look 😁!

### Other Projects

With this major projects, I've build many side projects as Mini Projects, for my academics. Have a look,

- [WallPix](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1096313319192183988/wallpix), A wallpaper app built with Flutter & Unsplash API
- [OnFootage](https://www.figma.com/file/ph2sX1kU5UUP7K5wWNd2Kg/OnFootage?type=design&node-id=1%3A3&mode=design&t=lMEOlPLK8sOlFhpP-1), A films review web app built with React & Firestore
- [ClassicLine](https://www.figma.com/file/ZD34yYjInnO3XijMlSk4qy/classicline?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=06EE4M4wM78RO7Y1-1), A book review web app build with React & Firestore
- [AtLeave](https://www.figma.com/file/3LEked2UV6NUQ9gRMOP2nj/AtLeave?type=design&node-id=14%3A2&mode=design&t=3XTX4OC3DClB9lRv-1), A travel consultation booking web app with React & Firestore

## Reflections on My Journey 😁

As I look back on these projects, I see not just applications and code, but a journey of personal and professional growth. Each project was a stepping stone, leading me to new insights and deeper understandings of both technology and myself.

## Connect With Me 🤝

I'm always open to discussing technology, ideas, and potential collaborations. Feel free to reach out!

Let's build something amazing together 🙌!

Commit message:

added repo link for TurboFox

README.md, after:

# My Projects 🌟

Howdy! My name is Aditya Motale. You can call me `adii`. I specialize in Flutter, SvelteKit, Firebase, and Supabase.

## About Me 🤘

I have a burning passion for bringing ideas to life. I love crafting solutions that positively impact people's lives. 💚

About four years ago, in the early phases of lockdown, I hooked up with technology and developed a passion to build things.
Building things gives me the satisfaction to solve problems, which is also the purpose I was searching for.

With the help of this burning desire to build things, I've built many things in my journey, fortunately or unfortunately.
None of them became successful; some things I've also just built for fun. But most importantly, I got to learn from each
of my failures, and I am glad that I made those mistakes. With the help of these mistakes, I was able to build myself up to be
a person I am today. Passionate, I will work till 4:30 AM if I enjoy the work, and I will procrastinate for a lifetime if I do not.

Fallowing is the curated list of projects I've build and failures I've faced throughout my journey,

## Projects 🏅

This is the list of projects I have built over the years. Starting from recent,

- [TurboFox](#turbofox-🦊)
- [Ecko](#ecko-🕸️)
- [Paw](#paw-🐾)
- [OneCode (Interesting to read 🤞)](#onecode-1️⃣)
- [OneAuth](#oneauth-🔐)
- [OneLang](#onelang-😎)
- [Histral & CodeMagazine](#histral--codemagazine-🧾)
- [Pineset (Interesting to read 🤞)](#pineset-🌴)
- [Other Projects](#other-projects)

### TurboFox 🦊 (Under Development)

TurboFox is a in memory `key-value` store / database built in rust. It uses a WAL (Write Ahead Log) to build db in memory by rerunning
operations, a memoryStore for faster queries build using a _skip-list_.

So far I've made few prototypes, but still not found my way in. For now its under heavy development 🏗️. Until then, stay tuned 🤞!

In [this](https://github.com/AdityaMotale/turbofox) repo you can have a look at one of the prototypes, I've built.

### Ecko 🕸️

Ecko is a graph-based state management library for Flutter applications.

Ecko was born as a personal learning project. I wanted to dive deep into understanding how state management
systems function internally while also improving on my skills along the way.

You can find more details here at [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/ecko)

### Paw 🐾

Paw is a compact, well-organized, and user-friendly logging tool for flutter and dart applications.
It's designed to log your code's journey with structure and clarity, leaving a trace of each step like a paw print.

Paw was born out of my personal want to log awesome beautiful looking logs with informational like source info,
level, time, etc.

You can find more details here at [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/paw)

### OneCode 1️⃣

OneCode came to life because of fallowing reasons,

- I always thought our current education system is not up to the mark, it lacks in many ways. I guess, the systems own very
  fundamentals are outdated. The system actively excludes people out and only celibates those who summon its bounds. I feel
  education is more about teaching how to leave life how to be a good person and not about teaching conformity and how to be
  a good worker. After listening to this amazing [ted talk](https://youtu.be/hJP5GqnTrNo?si=EdEFJst3xAbPM9xz) by sal khan, I
  found out that, personalized education is the solution.
- Throughout my journey as an undergrad student, I've helped many of my friends learn to code. I always use to teach with a
  strong sense of why with a fun aspect to my teaching. This helped many of my friends learn, who would never have learned
  this concepts otherwise with traditional education.

After taking this two considerations in mind, I settled on to creating a code learning platform where **anyone** can learn to
code while also having fun. If the learning has fun at its side, nothing is more enjoyable. It is the most loving
process for anybody.

To start off with the idea, I've build a platform where users can solve exercises to grow their understanding of the specific
language, users were also able to ask AI to help with their problems. This version was just to validate my idea with actual
users.

This MVP has failed because of various reasons. It'll be too long to discuss over here. But to summarise them, here are the reasons

- I failed to answer the _why_, why it was important to solve exercises to improve critical thinking
- Solving exercises, its a second step, the first step is to learn the language and I need to do that first
- Many peoples do not have their fundamentals clear
- There were many technical challenges to keep running the helper AI mainly because of its cost

After analyzing my mistakes and talking to potential users, I've gathered info and will improve in the MVP-2 of OneCode.
Stay tuned until then, 🤞!

You can have a look at the designs [here](https://www.figma.com/file/aAx9Ghv1PHzLN21VfoEhls/1Code?type=design&node-id=14%3A2&mode=design&t=l0aRn7sT9po99nlK-1)

### OneAuth 🔐

I always wanted to make OAuth system like Google OAuth. OAuth is an open authentication system which helps streamlines the user authentication process by enabling single sign-on capabilities across multiple applications.

This project was initially developed as a mini project for my fourth semester in college, and later evolved to provide a
comprehensive OAuth solution for my various projects.

Starting as a semester project, OneAuth quickly turned into a key component for my personal projects. I focused on enhancing its
reliability and scalability, ensuring it could seamlessly integrate with different types of applications. You can have a look at the designs [here](https://www.figma.com/file/VG4YarGzQtVAyJYYXpLWqw/1auth?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=ai6Y3D7ekJ44fT9m-1)

### OneLang 😎

In my sixth semester of college, after attending lectures of Compiler Design, I was inspired to create a programming language myself.
I did a lot of research, watched tutorials and then decided to build a interpreter for my own language.

I wanted to create a language with the simplicity of _Python_ with syntax constraints of C++, more like languages with curly bracket
syntax, like _dart_, _java_, _c++_, etc.

So I've created a statically typed interpreted language with interpreter written in _Java_, the only reasons I used java because I wanted
to learn it and its platform independent. After creating the interpreter, I found out that it was 40x times slower then the slowest
🐢 Python. Probably it wasn't a good idea to represent every token in the code with a Java object. But I learned a lot and then
moved on to building OneLang in _go_.

### Histral & CodeMagazine 🧾

I always aspired to be a writer. So in the fourth semester, after completing my first internship at Folk Developers at Iskon, I wanted
to create an app which will contain essays about interesting topics. I wanted to provide an amazing reading experience to readers
with amazing stories.

After building prototypes I found out that, I am not a good storyteller, so I have to improve a lot. I got the chance to implement
this idea again with CodeMagazine at mid of last year, I wanted a build a digital magazine about programming world. So I created
and published CodeMagazine, I got good response at first, but then it eventually dried up.

Have a look at early and new designs of Histral & CodeMagazine. You'll find them [here](https://www.figma.com/file/7VeWs1Nlh4HqQx2nomGedn/histral?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=YuLF6vkZahtJvwzZ-1)

### Pineset 🌴

After completing my second internship in Sep of 2022, I wanted to build something to help with the ongoing moment of building
climate sustaining products to help cater climate change.

One day while attending a lecture, I had an idea to build a note taking platform to help everybody migrate from using pen and
paper. The idea was to provide the experience of pen & paper with a note taking app. I did research various ways in I could do
this and settled on to creating a WYSIWYG (What Is You See Is What You Get) editor at the core of Pineset, this was backed by
widely accepted note taking platform like _Notion_, _EverNote_, etc.

I assembled a team of my friends and started working on the project. I (not we) worked for 6 months from late august of 2022
to early january of 2023 working on Pineset, before pulling the plug. Here's what went wrong,

- I gathered wrong set of people, not because they were incapable of performing the task, they weren't inspired to solve
  the problem I was solving, so slowly the team went apart and the boat sank 🛶
- I was trying to be a perfectionist, I wanted to build a product which I thought will help teachers, managers, students,
  working professionals, non-techy peoples, etc. To achieve this I set on to build everything at once, I wanted it to be perfect.
- I never released it, certainly because I wanted it to be perfect. If I had released the product and learned what people
  actually like and want rather then just guessing and perfecting the product in my bedroom, Pineset could have at least seen
  the light of the day, but I never did, and eventually pulled the plug

The only things I have to show for are the designs, many of them. [Here](https://www.figma.com/file/gkcWfzXqfI1t6kwSvqJdVk/Pineset-Dev?type=design&node-id=906%3A1877&mode=design&t=JhLpu2wHop4w3Jr8-1) have a look 😁!

### Other Projects

With this major projects, I've build many side projects as Mini Projects, for my academics. Have a look,

- [WallPix](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1096313319192183988/wallpix), A wallpaper app built with Flutter & Unsplash API
- [OnFootage](https://www.figma.com/file/ph2sX1kU5UUP7K5wWNd2Kg/OnFootage?type=design&node-id=1%3A3&mode=design&t=lMEOlPLK8sOlFhpP-1), A films review web app built with React & Firestore
- [ClassicLine](https://www.figma.com/file/ZD34yYjInnO3XijMlSk4qy/classicline?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=06EE4M4wM78RO7Y1-1), A book review web app build with React & Firestore
- [AtLeave](https://www.figma.com/file/3LEked2UV6NUQ9gRMOP2nj/AtLeave?type=design&node-id=14%3A2&mode=design&t=3XTX4OC3DClB9lRv-1), A travel consultation booking web app with React & Firestore

## Reflections on My Journey 😁

As I look back on these projects, I see not just applications and code, but a journey of personal and professional growth. Each project was a stepping stone, leading me to new insights and deeper understandings of both technology and myself.

## Connect With Me 🤝

I'm always open to discussing technology, ideas, and potential collaborations. Feel free to reach out!

Let's build something amazing together 🙌!
